# Ros package dedicated to generate a circuit (corridor of obstacles) in gazebo from a sequence of points.
---
## Overview
With the defined launch files it is possible to generate and see the .worlds files of a circuit defined by corridor of obstacles. Two kinds of obstacles are already available which are a cylinder and a tree. The central circuit is defined by a sequence of points like [..., (xi,yi), ...]. This circuit, that can be open or close, is used as reference to create two others circuits that are parallel to the reference one (the central circuit) and that are used to guide the placement process of obstacles in such way that in the end, globally, the placed obstacles form a corridor.

## Usage
* Use the **world_generation.launch** file to generate the .worlds file. In this files it is possible do set several parameters to generate the corridor of obstacles as desired. The central circuit waypoints are defined in the file **metadata** which is located at yaml folder. This launch file will generate a **custom.world** file that are saved in the folder worlds.

* To see the generated corridor of obstacles at Gazebo use the **show_world.launch** file passing the name of the world, custom.world, to the parameter world_name.

* The package comes with a **example.world** file with an illustrative corridor of obstacles that can be visualized launching the **show_world.launch** file without passing arguments.

### Parameters
The following parameters are available to customization:
* `do_plot`: bool parameter to enable visualization of the resulting corridor;
* `do_clearance`: bool parameter to enable clearance of obstacles that may be places in the middle of the corridor blocking the vehicle way
* `corridor_wall_width`: float parameter that specifies the distance between the corridor obstacles wall;
* `corridor_wall_npts`:  float parameter that specifies the number of obstacles that will compose the corridor wall;
* `corridor_wall_var`: float parameter that specifies the variance of the Gaussian noise applied to the corridor obstacles wall;
* `clearance_width`: float parameter that specifies the width of the region of clearance
* `model`: name of the model used as obstacles. There is two models already available. A bush and a cylinder;
* `file_name`: name of the .world file generated by the **road_generation_gazebo**
